{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red213\green213\blue213;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;\cssrgb\c19608\c19608\c19608;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgray\c57415;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mixers\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 Ampmix
\f2\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200128094051/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/ampmix.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual here. (1MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200128094051/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/optodist.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 \'a0}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 An easy to build 4-channel amplifying mixer/attenuator with 2.0x gain (6dB) and 5.0V offset on each channel in an 8hp module. No calibration required.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Ampmix was designed as a handy CV mixer and processor with good precision, high input impedance and buffered outputs. It could be upgraded for even better precision as described in the assembly manual.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 It will also work great with audio, even with full gain giving some distortion possibilities or gaining external gear.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 It works as a 4 channel mixer,
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 1 attenuator + 3 channel mixer,
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 2 attenuators + 2 channel mixer
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 or 4 attenuators.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 With up to 2.0x gain (6dB) on each channel.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 If you chain channels you can get greater gain. You can chain any combination of channels it doesn't have to be in the described order.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Patch signal to IN1, OUT1 -> IN2 and OUT2 have 4x gain (12dB) total.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Continue with OUT2 -> IN3 and OUT3 have 8x gain (18dB) total.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Continue with OUT3 -> IN4 and OUT4 have 16x gain (24dB) total.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 An offset voltage is generated then normaled to the inputs of the 4 channels, giving them a maximum of 5V out each with knobs turned full clockwise (2.0x gain). Please note that these offsets will affect the mixing if the channel hasn't been patched on its input or output, so turning all unused channels fully counter-clockwise/left (off) is advisable for a clean mix.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 The 
\f1\b Ampmix Kit
\f0\b0  is a novice-friendly project, it is a low part count, single-PCB build that only requires the most basic experience in PCB soldering and module assembly. Kits comes supplied with PCB, front panel (PCB material), component kit, knobs, power cable and mounting screws. Solder and tools are not supplied.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200128094051/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/ampmix.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual here. (1MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200128094051/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/AMPMIX/ampmix%20schematics%201.3.gif"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download schematics here.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Basic specifications
\f2\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Width: 8hp
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Depth with power cable attached: Less than 35 mm.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Power: +/- 22 mA
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 Vertmix
\f2\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200128094051/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/vertmix.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual here.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Vertmix is out of production, new version coming but we don't know when.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 It will have surface mounted resistors and ceramic capacitors in 0805 size. The rest of the components will be thru hole. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200128094051/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VERTMIX/vertmixPCB1.5.gif"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Preliminary PCB illustration of version 1.5.}}
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 * Regarding our PCB/panel only offerings, please note that these are mainly offered due to popular demand from the experienced DIY community. Hence we are counting on that you know what you are doing and how to source parts. If you feel the least bit uncertain, please consider going for the kit.
\f2\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}